✨ (go/v4-alpha) new alpha plugin using kustomize v4 (add support for Apple Silicon) (#2785)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/migration/v2vsv3.md

So you want to upgrade your scaffolding to use the latest and greatest features then, follow up the following guide which will cover the steps in the most straightforward way to allow you to upgrade your project to get all latest changes and improvements.

<aside class="note warning">
<h1> Apple Silicon (M1) </h1>

The current scaffold done by the CLI (`go/v3`) uses [kubernetes-sigs/kustomize][kustomize] v3 which does not provide

> a binary valid for Apple Silicon (`darwin/arm64`). Therefore, you can use the `go/v4-apha` plugin

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
a valid binary for Apple Silicon (`darwin/arm64`). Therefore, you can use the `go/v4-alpha` plugin
```

instead which provides support for this platform:

```bash
kubebuilder init --domain my.domain --repo my.domain/guestbook --plugins=go/v4-alpha
```

> **Note**: The `go/v4-alpha` stable version and can have breaking changes in future releases.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
**Note**: The `go/v4-alpha` plugin is an unstable version and can have breaking changes in future releases.
```
